Okay,
guys.
And welcome back.
Now,
this is gonna be a very quick lecture.
At some point throughout this course,
I'm gonna I'm gonna be referring to function keys or F keys on.
I know that some people struggle if you're working on a laptop.
So if you're working on the laptop,
you access the function keys by pressing and holding down the F N key.
That's this one here.
Eso press and hold that and then hit the buttons across the top that say F one F two after
a away through nice and simple.
So if you're on a laptop or you have one of these jazzy keyboards like I'm using,
just look down the bottom left hand side for the F m key press and hold that and then hit
the F keys across the top of the keyboard.
Okay,
I'll see you in the next lecture.